docs: improved documentation for examples (#68)
cisco-open/pymultiworld: examples/broadcast/README.md

```

Rank 0 (leader) is the source of the broadcast operation, meaning that it's tensor will be broadcast to every rank from the same world (world1 in this case)
After the operation is done, every worker from the same world will have the same tensor.

The same pattern applies to world2.

## Failure case

If something goes wrong in one worker, only the world where the worker belongs will be affected, the other worlds will continue their workload.
In other words, Mutiworld prevents errors from spreading accross multiple worlds.
In this case, if rank 1 from world2 will fail, ranks from world1 will still receive tensors from the source (rank 0).

The following screenshot demonstrates how errors are handled in multiworld:

<p align="center"><img src="../../docs/imgs/broadcast_error.png" alt="broadcast error handling" width="800" height="300"></p>

Exmplanation:

<ol>
    <li>Process is killed using keyboard interrupt on rank 2 from world 1</li>
    <li>The exception is caught by all the workers in the same world (rank 1 from world 1 in this example)</li>
    <li>The exception is also caught by the lead worker (rank 0)</li>

>     <li>Lead worker (rank 0) continues to broadcast tensors, with the remaining worlds (world 2 in this example)</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <li>The lead worker (rank 0) continues to broadcast tensors, with the remaining worlds (world 2 in this example)</li>
```

>     <li>All other workers from all remaining worlds will continue recieve tensors from the lead worker (rank 0)</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <li>All other workers from all remaining worlds will continue to receive tensors from the lead worker (rank 0)</li>
```
